bicalutamide
cilazapril
cilazapril
dextromethorphan
flurazepam
rutamycin
dinoprostona
dextrorphan
cethromycin
cocarboxylase
aminocaproic acid
hydroxycarbamide
epinephrine
meglutol
amezinium metilsulfate
butropium bromide
cloruro de carpronio
natrii dibunas
distigmine bromide
fabesetron
flunitrazepam
flutropium bromide
paracetamol
eltanolone
thiamine
acetohydroxamic acid
doxorubicin
famotidine
fluoxetine
fluoxetinum
valproic acid
amikacine
phenazone
icosapent
ketoconazole
roxarsone
alprostadil
monophosphothiamine
phenoxymethylpenicillin
fampridine
nadolol
methenamine
fluvastatin
vandetanib
amoscanate
amocarzine
imatinib
gefitinib
unoprostone
ipratropium bromide
methylthioninium chloride
epirubicin
dimeticonum
dimeticone
Nanafrocin
Nanafrocine
Nanafrocinum
desipraminum
methenaminum
sumatriptan
zolmitriptan
zafirlukast
rizatriptan
diclofenac
diclofenacum
psilocybine
psilocybinum
imatinib mesilate
haloperidolum
haloperidol
captoprilum
captopril
pindololum
phenobarbital sodium
phenobarbital sodique
phenobarbitalum natricum
phenobarbital
acebutolol
acebutololum
chlordiazepoxidum
chlordiazepoxide
chlorpromazinum
chlorpromazine
imipraminum
imipramine
glycerolum
glycerol
ketoconazolum
triclocarbanum
triclocarban
citalopram
citalopramum
cisplatine
cisplatinum
cisplatin
valsartan
losartan
irbesartan
telmisartan
entacapone
entacaponum
eprosartan
pratosartan
dextrorphanum
dextrorphane
doxorubicinum
doxorubicine
angiotensinum II
angiotensin II
racepinefrine
racepinefrinum
epinephrinum
epinephrine
clonidinum
clonidine
norepinephrine
norepinephrinum
dexfosfoserine
tetracyclinum
tetracycline
xaliproden
xanomeline
ximoprofen
ximoprofenum
ximoprofene
cinacalcet
cobamamide
cobamamidum
cyanocobalamin
fumagilline
fumagillinum
bromocriptinum
bromocriptine
zotepine
zotepinum
aripiprazole
ketanserin
ketanserine
ketanserinum
pimozide
pimozidum
tolrestat
tolrestatum
risperidone
risperidonum
dexmedetomidinum
dexmedetomidine
sertindole
sertindolum
medetomidine
medetomidinum
medetomidina
dexmedetomidina
roxindole
sertindol
risperidona
pindolol
pimozida
ketanserina
clorpromazina
zotepina
spiperone
spiperonum
espiperona
roxarsonum
roxarson
thioridazine
thioridazinum
tioridazina
idramantone
cisplatino
inosine
inosina
inosinum
tamsulosin
tamsulosina
tamsulosine
tamsulosinum
acido valproico
acide valproique
acidum valproicum
fumagilina
fumagilina
tranexamic acid
acide tranexamique
acidum tranexamicum
cloroquina
chloroquinum
chloroquine
codeina
codeine
codeine
mesalazine
roxithromycin
roxitromicina
roxithromycinum
roxithromycine
erythromycine
erythromycinum
eritromicina
erythromycin
acido acetilsalicilico
acide acetylsalicylique
acidum acetylsalicylicum
paracetamol
paracetamol
paracetamolum
berythromycin
beritromicina
berythromycinum
berythromycine
epinefrina
racepinefrina
clavulanic acid
acide clavulanique
acido clavulanico
acidum clavulanicum
metenamina
methenamine
acide ascorbique
ascorbic acid
acido ascorbico
acidum ascorbicum
deferasirox
deferasiroxum
tilarginine
tilargininum
tilarginina
ezetimibe
propiolactone
propiolactona
propiolactonum
citicolina
citicolinum
thiaminum
tiamina
docebenone
docebenonum
docebenona
phenacetin
Fenacetina
Phenacetine
Phenacetinum
montelukast
fluorodopa F18
levodopa
levodopum
monophosphothiaminum
monofosfotiamina
cocarboxilasa
cocarboxylasum
propofol
quinapril
flufenamic acid
acido flufenamico
acidum flufenamicum
acide flufenamique
amocarzina
amocarzinum
diclofenaco
amoscanato
amoscanatum
rabeprazole
afalaninum
afalanine
afalanina
dimeticona
cicloheximida
cicloheximidum
algestone
algestonum
algestona
daunorubicinum
daunorubicin
amineptine
amineptino
amineptinum
nifedipinum
nifedipino
nifedipine
bucladesine
bucladesina
bucladesinum
kainic acid
acide kainique
acido kainico
acidum kainicum
isoflurane
isoflurano
isofluranum
dimethyli sulfoxidum
dimetil sulfoxido
dimethylsulfoxyde
dimethyl sulfoxide
androstanolona
androstanolonum
androstanolone
pioglitazona
pioglitazone
pioglitazonum
rosiglitazone
clofibrate
clofibrato
clofibratum
clofibric acid
acidum clofibricum
acide clofibrique
acido clofibrico
decitabine
levacetylmethadol
levacetilmetadol
levacetylmethadolum
nocodazole
nocodazolum
nocodazol
lonidamina
lonidaminum
lonidamine
methadone
methadonum
methacholine chloride
metyrapone
metirapona
metyraponum
canrenoic acid
acide canrenoique
acido canrenoico
acidum canrenoicum
eltanolona
eltanolonum
acitretin
cefradina
cefradinum
chloramphenicolum
cloramfenicol
etacrynic acid
ethionamidum
etionamida
hidroxizina
hydroxyzine
hydroxyzinum
chloramphenicol
chloramphenicol
dexpanthenol
dantrona
dantrone
dantronum
dantron
deptropine
deptropina
deptropinum
oxytocin
oxitocina
oxytocine
oxytocinum
pefloxacin mesilate
pefloxacin
pefloxacino
pefloxacinum
pimobendan
pimobendane
pimobendanum
sulfadoxine
sulfadoxina
sulfadoxinum
pizotifen
pizotifene
pizotifeno
pizotifenum
selegiline
selegilina
selegilinum
selegiline hydrochloride
dexrazoxane
dexrazoxano
dexrazoxanum
razoxane
razoxana
razoxanum
pralidoxime
deferoxaminum
deferoxamina
deferoxamine
edetic acid
acide edetique
acido edetico
acidum edeticum
diazoxide
diazoxido
diazoxidum
norethisteronum
noretisterona
norethisterone
amifostine
amifostinum
amifostina
flumazenilum
flumazenilo
flumazenil
fomepizole
fomepizol
fomepizolum
ciclosporina
ciclosporine
ciclosporinum
ciclosporin
pantoprazole
pantoprazol
pantoprazolum
omeprazole
omeprazol
omeprazolum
esomeprazole
esomeprazol
esomeprazolum
vancomicina
vancomycinum
vancomycin
vancomycine
colforsin
colforsine
colforsinum
colforsina
etoposide
Etoposido
etoposidum
deferoxamine
lansoprazol
lansoprazolum
cimetidina
cimetidinum
cimetidine
cimetidine
selegiline
selegilinum
selegiline
selegilina
methylprednisolonum
metilprednisolona
methylprednisolone
pirenzepina
pirenzepinum
pirenzepine
pirenzepine
ranitidine
ranitidina
ranitidinum
sirolimus
famotidina
famotidinum
nitisinone
nitisinona
nitisinonum
miglustat
miglustatum
mercaptamine
mercaptaminum
mercaptamina
ticlopidine
ticlopidina
ticlopidinum
fenindiona
phenindionum
phenindione
phenindione
warfarin
warfarina
warfarine
warfarinum
methylthioninii chloridum
chlorure de methylthioninium
cloruro de metiltioninio
clopidogrelum
clopidogrel
dinoprostone
dinoprostonum
alprostadilum
tirofiban
tirofiban
tirofibanum
phenprocoumon
phenprocoumone
phenprocoumonum
simvastatin
carteolol
carteolol
carteololum
carteolol
isosorbide mononitrate
isosorbidi mononitras
mononitrate d'isosorbide
mononitrato de isosorbida
danazolum
danazol
paricalcitol
penicillaminum
penicilamina
penicillamine
phenterminum
fentermina
phentermine
flucloxacillinum
flucloxacilline
flucloxacillin
fludrocortisonum
fludrocortisona
fludrocortisone
flunisolidum
flunisolida
flunisolide
fluvoxamina
fluvoxaminum
fluvoxamine
fluvoxamine
zanamivir
brimonidina
brimonidine
brimonidinum
buclizina
buclizinum
buclizine
buclizine
cevimelina
cevimeline
cevimelinum
cevimeline
chlorprothixenum
clorprotixeno
chlorprothixene
chlorprothixene
dexclorfeniramina
dexchlorpheniraminum
dexchlorpheniramine
dicloxacillinum
dicloxacilline
dicloxacilina
dienestrol
Sulfasalazinum
Sulfasalazina
Salazosulfapyridinum
Salazosulfapiridina
Sulindacum
sulindaco
sulindac
ticarcillinum
ticarcilline
ticarcilina
ticarcillin
Levisoprenalinum
Levisoprenalina
letrozole
levotiroxina de sodio
levothyroxinum natricum
levothyroxine sodique
levothyroxine sodium
nafcillinum
nafcilline
nafcilina
nafcillin
nalbuphinum
nalbufina
nalbuphine
nalbuphine
naratriptan
naratriptanum
naratriptan
naratriptan
piroxicamum
piroxicam
nedocromil
nedocromilum
nedocromilo
nedocromil
nefazodona
nefazodonum
nefazodone
hetacillinum
hetacilline
hetacilina
hetacillin
aciclovir
aciclovirum
amiloridum
amilorida
amiloride
amoxicilline
amoxicillinum
amoxicilina
amoxicillin
dihydrotachysterolum
dihidrotaquisterol
dihydrotachysterol
hidrocodona
hydrocodonum
hydrocodone
hydrocodone
sulbactam
sulbactamum
sulfametizol
sulfamethizolum
sulfamethizol
sulfamethizole
framycetinum
framycetine
framicetina
nilutamidum
nilutamida
nilutamide
prociclidina
procyclidine
procyclidinum
procyclidine
promazinum
promazina
promazine
promethazinum
promethazine
prometazina
promethazine
tolterodina
tolterodine
tolterodinum
tolterodine
toremifenum
toremifeno
toremifene
trazodonum
trazodona
trazodone
ioduro de tridihexetilo
iodure de tridihexethyl
tridihexethyli iodidum
tridihexethyl iodide
aztreonam
aztreonam
aztreonamum
baclofeno
baclofene
baclofenum
baclofen
tiamazol
thiamazolum
thiamazol
thiamazole
metronidazole
mifepristonum
mifepristona
mifepristone
betamethasonum
betametasona
betamethasone
betamethasone
etorfina
etorphine
etorphinum
etorphine
etretinate
etretinatum
etretinato
etretinate
finasteride
finasteridum
finasterida
quetiapinum
quetiapina
quetiapine
quetiapine
fosfato de adenosina
phosphate d'adenosine
adenosini phosphas
adenosine phosphate
dopamine
dopamina
dopaminum
propiomazinum
propiomazina
propiomazine
calcitriolum
calcitriol
carbamide
alprostadil
acidum aminocaproicum
acido aminocaproico
acide aminocaproque
troglitazonum
troglitazona
troglitazone
pramipexol
pramipexole
pramipexolum
pramipexole
fenoldopam
fenoldopam
fenoldopamum
liothyronine
liotironina
liothyroninum
gemfibrozilum
Gemfibrozilo
gemfibrozil
acido glutamico
acide glutamique
acidum glutamicum
glutamic acid
phenylephrine
phenylephrinum
fenilefrina
carbacol
carbacholum
carbachol
acidum alendronicum
acido alendronico
acide alendronique
alendronic acid
bacampicilline
bacampicilina
bacampicillin
procainamide
procainamide
procainamidum
procainamida
procainum
procaina
procaine
proclorperazina
prochlorperazine
prochlorperazinum
prochlorperazine
dexpropranololum
dexpropranolol
dexpropranolol
carvedilol
carvedilol
carvedilolum
carvedilol
desogestrel
desogestrelum
desogestrel
difenidolum
difenidol
difenidol
difenidol
spironolactonum
espironolactona
spironolactone
clozapinum
clozapina
clozapine
ziprasidonum
ziprasidona
ziprasidone
flupentixol
flupentixol
flutamidum
flutamida
flutamide
acido nicotinico
acide nicotinique
acidum nicotinicum
nicotinic acid
estrone
testosteronum
testosterona
testosterone
metilfenidato
methylphenidatum
methylphenidate
metisergida
methysergidum
methysergide
methysergide
mirtazapinum
mirtazapina
mirtazapine
mitoxantronum
mitoxantrona
mitoxantrone
norepinephrine
norepinefrina
rifampicinum
rifampicina
rifampicin
phenoxymethylpenicillinum
phenoxymethylpenicilline
fenoximetilpenicilina
benzquinamidum
benzquinamide
benzquinamida
acetazolamide
acetazolamidum
acetazolamida
altretaminum
altretamina
altretamine
griseofulvin
griseofulvinum
griseofulvina
griseofulvine
tazarotenum
tazaroteno
tazarotene
tazarotene
dydrogesteronum
didrogesterona
dydrogesterone
dydrogesterone
eplerenone
calcipotriol
Bambermycinum
Bambermycine
Bambermicina
ampicillinum
ampicilline
ampicilina
ampicillin
lormetazepamum
benzylpenicillinum
benzylpenicilline
bencilpenicilina
benzylpenicillin
estramustinum
estramustina
estramustine
milrinonum
milrinona
milrinone
mometasonum
mometasona
mometasone
aripiprazol
aripiprazole
aripiprazolum
amantadina
amantadinum
amantadine
adapalene
adapalenum
adapaleno
adapalene
amcinonidum
amcinonida
amcinonide
drostanolonum
drostanolona
drostanolone
labetalolum
labetalol
labetalol
ciclacillin
ciclacillinum
ciclacilline
ciclacilina
isosorbidi dinitras
dinitrato de isosorbida
dinitrate d'isosorbide
isosorbide dinitrate
naloxone
naloxonum
naloxona
carbenicillinum
carbenicilline
carbenicilina
carbenicillin
cefonicidum
cefonicido
cefonicid
quinestrolum
quinestrol
sulbenicillinum
sulbenicilline
sulbenicilina
sulbenicillin
azithromycinum
azithromycine
azitromicina
chlorotrianisenum
clorotrianiseno
chlorotrianisene
chlorotrianisene
Meronem
levomepromazine
levomepromazina
levomepromazinum
levomepromazine
prednisonum
prednisona
prednisone
midodrina
midodrinum
midodrine
midodrine
ropinirolum
ropinirol
ropinirole
ropinirole
terazosina
terazosine
terazosinum
terazosin
triflupromazinum
triflupromazina
triflupromazine
norgestrelum
norgestrel
cinarizina
cinnarizine
cinnarizinum
cinnarizine
fluoxymesteronum
fluoximesterona
fluoxymesterone
fluoxymesterone
Furazolidonum
Furazolidona
debrisoquinum
debrisoquina
debrisoquine
debrisoquine
flumetasonum
flumetasona
flumetasone
icosapentum
icosapento
clomifenum
clomifeno
clomifene
Modamide
amodiaquinum
amodiaquina
amodiaquine
bisoprololum
bisoprolol
bisoprolol
carfecillinum
carfecilline
carfecilina
betanidine
betanidinum
betanidina
betanidine
atorvastatinum
atorvastatine
atorvastatina
atorvastatin
rizatriptan
rizatriptanum
rizatriptan
sunitinibum
sunitinib
sumatriptanum
sumatriptan
sumatriptan
metotrexato
methotrexatum
methotrexate
dexamethasone
dexamethasonum
dexametasona
dexamethasone
tamoxifen
tamoxifenum
tamoxifeno
tamoxifene
levonorgestrelum
levonorgestrel
levonorgestrel
megestrolum
megestrol
megestrol
meticillinum
meticilline
meticilina
meticillin
oxandrolonum
oxandrolona
oxandrolone
prazosina
prazosine
prazosinum
prazosin
acidum acetohydroxamicum
acido acetohidroxamico
acide acetohydroxamique
meropenem
meropenemum
diethylstilbestrol
dietilestilbestrol
diethylstilbestrolum
diethylstilbestrol
desipramine
desipramina
desipramine
esoxibutinina
esoxybutynine
esoxybutyninum
esoxybutynin
minociclinum
minocycline
minociclina
acido tranexamico
pivmecillinam
pivmecillinamum
pivmecilinamo
alprenololum
alprenolol
alprenolol
alprenolol
etynodiolum
etynodiol
etinodiol
etynodiol
benzathine benzylpenicillin
benzatina bencilpenicilina
benzathini benzylpenicillinum
benzathine benzylpenicilline
amfetamine
anfetamina
amfetaminum
amfetamine
carfenazinum
carfenazina
carfenazine
carfenazine
bezafibrate
bezafibratum
bezafibrato
oftasceinum
oftasceine
oftasceina
oftasceine
drospirenonum
drospirenona
drospirenone
drospirenone
loxapina
loxapinum
loxapine
ioduro de ditiazanina
iodure de dithiazanine
dithiazanine iodide
dithiazanini iodidum
apalcillin
apalcilline
apalcillinum
dronedarone
trifluoperazina
trifluoperazine
trifluoperazinum
trifluoperazine
zoledronic acid
ciaftalane zinc
ciaftalan zinc
ciaftalanum zincum
ciaftalan zinc
bimatoprostum
bimatoprost
zuclopentixol
zuclopenthixol
zuclopenthixolum
zuclopenthixol
lofexidina
lofexidinum
lofexidine
lofexidine
lucanthone
lucantona
lucanthonum
mianserinum
mianserina
mianserine
mianserin
alfuzosina
alfuzosine
alfuzosinum
alfuzosin
almecilina
almecillinum
almecilline
almecillin
mecillinam
mecillinamum
mecilinamo
methylbromure d'homatropine
homatropine methylbromide
metilbromuro de homatropina
homatropini methylbromidum
doxilamina
doxylamine
doxylaminum
doxylamine
etonogestrelum
etonogestrel
etonogestrel
cyproteronum
ciproterona
cyproterone
imipenem
imidocarbo
imidocarbe
imidocarbum
imidocarb
temocillin
temocillinum
temocilline
temocillina
clonidina
clonidine
naftalofos
naftalofosum
marimastat
alitretinoine
alitretinoina
alitretinoinum
dapiprazolum
dapiprazol
dapiprazole
dapiprazole
levosimendan
levosimendan
levosimendanum
betamethasoni acibutas
acibutato de betametasona
acibutate de betamethasone
betamethasone acibutate
fenprocumon
fropenem
norgestimatum
norgestimato
norgestimate
doxiciclina
doxycyclinum
doxycycline
bexarotenum
bexaroteno
bexarotene
bexarotene
treprostinil
treprostinilo
treprostinilum
treprostinil
arbutaminum
arbutamina
arbutamine
Lobelinum
Lobelina
carindacillin
carindacilline
carindacillinum
carindacilina
metampicillin
dextran
dextranum
dextrano
nilotinibum
nilotinib
clemizolum penicillinum
clemizole penicilline
clemizol-penicilina
clemizole penicillin
clemizolum
clemizol
clemizole
epinastinum
epinastine
epinastina
epinastine
minaprinum
minaprina
minaprine
metixene
metixeno
metixenum
metixene
acamprosatum
acamprosato
acamprosate
tegaserod
tegaserodum
tegaserod
tegaserod
azidocilline
azidocilina
sultamicillin
rosiglitazonum
rosiglitazona
benethaminum penicillinum
benethamine penicilline
benethamine penicillin
Pheneticillinum
Pheneticilline
Feneticilina
propicillinum
propicilina
propicillin
bortezomib
lisuridum
lisurida
lisuride
lisuride
hycanthone
hycanthonum
hicantona
dextropropoxifeno
dextropropoxyphene
dextropropoxyphenum
dextropropoxyphene
levopropoxifeno
levopropoxyphene
levopropoxyphenum
levopropoxyphene
bosentan
bosentan
bosentanum
bosentan
cloxacilina
cloxacilline
cloxacillinum
cloxacillin
cefalotinum
cefalotina
cefalotine
cefalotin
loteprednol
hydrocortamatum
hydrocortamate
hidrocortamato
ciprofibrate
ciprofibrato
ciprofibratum
eletriptanum
eletriptan
eletriptan
eletriptan
sorafenibum
sorafenib
sorafenib
clorfenamina
chlorphenaminum
chlorphenamine
apalcillin sodium
idazoxane
idazoxanum
idazoxano
idazoxan
metaraminol
metaraminol
metaraminolum
naltrexone
acarbose
acarbosum
acarbosa
mezlocillinum
mezlocilline
mezlocilina
mezlocillin
batilolum
batilol
glibenclamide
glibenclamida
glibenclamidum
fulvestrant
dasatinibum
dasatinib
pivampicillinum
pivampicilline
pivampicilina
pivampicillin
azlocilina
azlocillinum
azlocilline
azlocillin
capecitabinum
capecitabine
capecitabina
capecitabine
atazanavirum
atazanavir
raloxifene
raloxifenum
raloxifeno
raloxifene
budesonide
amikacinum
amikacina
amikacin
metilbromuro de octatropina
methylbromure d'octatropine
octatropini methylbromidum
octatropine methylbromide
aspartam
aspartamo
aspartamum
proflavine
proflavinum
proflavina
proflavine
biotinum
biotine
biotina
cefmetazolum
cefmetazolo
cefmetazole
hydrocortisonum
hidrocortisona
hydrocortisone
medroxyprogesteronum
medroxiprogesterona
medroxyprogesterone
medroxyprogesterone
mestranolum
mestranol
oseltamivir
oseltamivirum
oseltamivir
oseltamivir
ergocalciferolum
ergocalciferol
ergocalciferol
thiethylperazinum
tietilperazina
thiethylperazine
thiethylperazine
buspirona
buspirone
buspironum
buspirone
perfenazina
perphenazinum
perphenazine
perphenazine
piperacillin
guanadrelum
guanadrel
calcifediol
calcifediol
calcifediolum
venlafaxinum
venlafaxina
venlafaxine
venlafaxine
azosemidum
azosemida
azosemide
cetirizine
cetirizina
cetirizinum
cetirizine
propranololum
propranolol
propranolol
guanethidinum
guanetidina
guanethidine
guanethidine
poliglusam
doxazosina
doxazosine
doxazosinum
doxazosin
fluoxetine
fluoxetina
isotretinoinum
isotretinoine
isotretinoin
olanzapinum
olanzapina
olanzapine
periciazina
periciazine
periciazinum
periciazine
boldenonum
boldenona
boldenone
boldenone
dipyridamole
dipyridamolum
disopyramidum
disopiramida
disopyramide
dofetilidum
dofetilida
dofetilide
oxibutinina
oxybutynine
oxybutyninum
oxybutynin
oxicodona
oxycodonum
oxycodone
oxycodone
oxaliplatine
oxaliplatinum
oxaliplatino
oxaliplatin
pseudoephedrinum
pseudoefedrina
pseudoephedrine
pseudoephedrine
zolmitriptanum
zolmitriptan
mercaptopurine
Mercaptopurina
mercaptopurinum
hydromorphonum
hidromorfona
hydromorphone
hydromorphone
trilostanum
trilostano
trilostane
bicalutamidum
bicalutamida
bicalutamide
cyclizinum
ciclizina
cyclizine
cyclizine
Chlorprothixenum
Clorprotixeno
Diquafosol
Intermedina
Intermedinum
verapamil
verapamilo
verapamilum
Povidone
Crospovidonum
Polividona
Polyvidonum
Politefo
Politefum
Pegoterato
Pegoteratum
Tolevamer
donepezil
Pyroxylin
Piroxilina
Pyroxyline
Pyroxylinum
ganciclovir
fentanyl
salicylamidum
salicilamida
Benzocaina
Benzocainum
Benzocaine
Sevoflurane
Sevoflurano
Sevofluranum
erlotinib
Methylcellulose
Methylcellulosum
Metilcelulosa
broxuridine
broxuridina
broxuridinum
polysorbate
Polysorbate
Polysorbate
Polysorbate 80
Polysorbate 40
Polysorbate 20
Polysorbate 60
artemether
artemetero
artemetherum
artemisinin
artemisininum
Lumefantrine
Polyglycolic acid
Acide polyglycolique
Acido poliglicolico
Acidum polyglycolicum
Poloxamer
gatifloxacin
gemcitabine
gemcitabina
gemcitabinum
gemifloxacin
cefalexina
cefalexine
cefalexinum
octoxinol
octoxinolum
Methohexital
Methohexitalum
Metohexital
pholcodine
folcodina
pholcodinum
vecuronium bromide
bromure de vecuronium
bromuro de vecuronio
vecuronii bromidum
rocuronium bromide
benzalkonium chloride
benzalkonii chloridum
chlorure de benzalkonium
cloruro de benzalconio
triclosan
triclosanum
cefamandole
cefamandol
cefamandolum
cefoxitin
cefoxitina
cefoxitine
cefoxitinum
cefaloridine
cefaloridina
cefaloridinum
cefazolin
cefazolina
cefazoline
cefazolinum
ceftriaxone
ceftriaxona
ceftriaxonum
pimagedine
alexidine
alexidina
alexidinum
proguanil
proguanilum
ofloxacin
cefadroxilo
cefadroxilum
cefadroxil
cefotaxime
cefotaxima
cefotaximum
ceftazidime
ceftazidima
ceftazidimum
iohexol
iohexolum
iopamidol
iopamidolum
iomeprol
iomeprolum
iodamida
iodamidum
sodium amidotrizoate
amidotrizoate de sodium
amidotrizoato sodico
natrii amidotrizoas
ioxaglic acid
acide ioxaglique
acido ioxaglico
acidum ioxaglicum
solfisomidina
sulfaisodimidinum
sulfamethoxypyridazine
sulfamethoxypyridazinum
sulfametoxipiridazina
iodamide
sulfadimethoxinum
sulfadimetoxina
sulfametoxidiazina
sulfametoxydiazinum
sulfametoxydiazine
sulfadimidine
sulfadimidina
sulfadimidinum
sulfamerazine
sulfamerazina
sulfamerazinum
sulfapyridine
sulfapiridina
sulfapyridinum
sulfathiazole
sulfathiazol
sulfathiazolum
Sulfatiazol
cefaclorum
mycophenolic acid
acide mycophenolique
acido micofenolico
acidum mycophenolicum
vinorelbine
vinorelbina
vinorelbinum
zalcitabine
zaleplon
zidovudine
ziprasidone
zolpidem
zolpidemum
zonisamide
zonisamida
zonisamidum
zopiclone
zopiclona
zopiclonum
eszopiclone
zopiclone
abarelix
acenocoumarol
acenocoumarolum
aceprometazine
aceprometazina
aceprometazinum
acetyldigitoxin
acetildigitoxina
acetyldigitoxinum
adinazolam
adinazolamum
alclometasone
carbimazol
carbimazolum
alfentanil
alfentanilum
aliskiren
almitrine
almitrina
almitrinum
almotriptan
alosetron
alverine
alosetron
alverina
alverinum
ambenonium chloride
ambenonii chloridum
Chlorure d'ambenonium
Cloruro de ambenonio
aminoglutethimide
aminoglutethimidum
aminoglutetimida
nomifensina
nomifensinum
aminophenazone
aminofenazona
aminophenazonum
amlexanox
amlexanoxo
amlexanoxum
amlodipine
amlodipino
amlodipinum
amlodipino
amlodipinum
amlodipine
amoxapine
amoxapina
amoxapinum
nomifensine
Chlorure de choline
Cholini chloridum
Cloruro de colina
loperamide
loperamida
loperamidum
bromure de neostigmine
bromuro de neostigmina
neostigmini bromidum
camsilate de trimetaphan
cansilato de trimetafano
trimetaphani camsilas
choline chloride
amphotericin B
amfotericina B
amphotericine B
amphotericinum B
anagrelide
anagrelida
anagrelidum
anastrozole
anidulafungin
neostigmine bromide
anisindione
anisindiona
anisindionum
apraclonidine
apraclonidina
apraclonidinum
anagrelida
anagrelide
anagrelidum
apraclonidine
apraclonidina
apraclonidinum
aprepitant
arformoterol
astemizole
astemizol
astemizolum
atenolol
atenololum
esatenolol
atenolol
atenololum
atomoxetine
tomoxetine
tomoxetine
atovaquone
atomoxetine
atracurium besilate
atracurii besilas
besilate d'atracurium
besilato de atracurio
auranofin
auranofina
auranofine
auranofinum
azatadine
azatadina
azatadinum
azelastine
azelastina
azelastinum
azelastine
azelastina
azelastinum
ifosfamide
ifosfamida
ifosfamidum
alfoscerate de choline
alfoscerato de colina
cholini alfosceras
choline alfoscerate
ceftoxitin
trimetaphan camsilate
cefapirina
cefapirine
cefapirinum
cefapirin
cefradine
angiotensina II
carbamazepina
carbamazepinum
Cefaloglicina
Cefaloglycine
Cefaloglycinum
carbamazepine
carumonam
carumonamum
cefuzonam
cefuzonamum
ceftizoxime
ceftizoxima
ceftizoximum
cefmenoxime
cefmenoxima
cefmenoximum
cyclophosphamide
cefsulodin
cefsulodine
cefsulodino
cefsulodinum
cefoperazone
cefoperazono
cefoperazonum
latamoxefum
latamoxef
loracarbef
loracarbefum
sulfamoxole
sulfamoxol
sulfamoxolum
cilofungin
cilofungina
cilofunginum
diaveridine
diaveridina
diaveridinum
mepivacaine
mepivacaina
mepivacainum
bupivacaina
bupivacainum
oxybuprocaine
oxibuprocaina
oxybuprocainum
tetracaine
tetracaina
tetracainum
butanilicaine
butanilicaina
butanilicainum
tocainide
tocainida
tocainidum
sulfamoxole
prilocaina
prilocainum
etidocaine
etidocaina
etidocainum
pyrimethamine
pirimetamina
pyrimethaminum
epicillin
epicilina
epicilline
epicillinum
acetilcisteina
acetylcysteinum
sildenafil
piroctone
piroctona
piroctonum
fenazona
cabergolinum
cabergolina
cabergoline
candoxatril
carbinoxaminum
carbinoxamina
carbinoxamine
carboprostum
carboprost
dantrolene
dantrolenum
dantroleno
fluphenazinum
fluphenazine
ergometrinum
ergometrina
ergometrine
estreptozocina
streptozocine
streptozocinum
streptozocin
bitolterolum
bitolterol
brompheniraminum
bromfeniramina
brompheniramine
butenafinum
butenafine
butorphanolum
butorfanol
butorphanol
dezocinum
dezocina
dezocine
difenoxin
difenoxina
difenoxinum
sulfasalazine
chlorzoxazona
chlorzoxazonum
chlorzoxazone
naproxen
naproxenum
naproxene
naproxeno
dihidroergotamina
dihydroergotamine
dihydroergotaminum
primaquina
primaquinum
primaquine
cinoxacine
cinoxacinum
cinoxacin
cinoxacino
cisaprida
cisapride
cisapridum
clarithromycin
clarithromycine
clarithromycina
clarithromycinum
clorazepate dipotassique
dikalii clorazepas
clorazepato dipotasico
dipotassium clorazepate
dimenhydrinate
dimenhydrinatum
dimenhidrinato
difenoxilato
diphenoxylate
diphenoxylatum
dobutamina
dobutaminum
dobutamine
bendroflumethiazide
bendroflumetiazida
bendroflumethiazidum
benzfetamine
benzfetaminum
benzfetamina
benzthiazidum
benzotiazida
benzthiazide
benzatropinum
benzatropina
benzatropine
betaxololum
betaxolol
estazolam
estazolamum
cyclobenzaprinum
ciclobenzaprina
cyclobenzaprine
cyclopentolatum
ciclopentolato
cyclopentolate
Solute injectable de vasopressine
Vasopressini injectio
Inyectable de vasopresina
oxmetidinum
oxmetidina
oxmetidine
catinona
cathinonum
cathinone
delavirdine mesilate
bromure de demecarium
demecarii bromidum
demecarium bromide
bromuro de demecario
fenfluramine
fenfluraminum
rufocromomycine
rufocromomycinum
rufocromomicina
rufocromomycin
liothyronine
suprofen
suprofenum
suprofene
proline
viomycinum
viomicina
viomycine
riboflavinum
riboflavina
riboflavin
riboflavine
puromicina
puromycin
puromycinum
puromycine
carbidopa
carisoprodolum
carisoprodol
cilastatin
cilastatina
cilastatine
cilastatinum
tetracosactide
tosilato de bretilio
tosilate de bretylium
buprenorphinum
buprenorfina
buprenorphine
desmopressin
desmopressine
desmopressinum
desmopresina
dicycloverine
dicycloverine
dicycloverinum
dicicloverina
diphenhydraminum
diphenhydramine
difenhidramina
clemastinum
clemastina
clemastine
bromuro de clidinio
clidinii bromidum
clidinium bromide
bromure de clidinium
diprophylline
diprophyllinum
diprofilina
emedastina
emedastine
emedastinum
cyproheptadine
ciproheptadina
cyproheptadinum
lactulosum
lactulosa
lactulose
glucoheptonato calcico
glucoheptonate de calcium
calcii glucoheptonas
calcium glucoheptonate
oxitetraciclina
oxytetracyclinum
rolipramum
rolipram
suxibuzonum
suxibuzona
suxibuzone
salicylamide
acidum tiaprofenicum
acido tiaprofenico
acide tiaprofenique
tiaprofenic acid
tibolonum
tibolona
tibolone
deslanoside
deslanosido
deslanosidum
cilnidipine
cefdinirum
cefdinir
cilostazolum
cilostazol
clobazam
clobazamum
crotamiton
crotamitonum
gadodiamidum
gadodiamida
gadoteridolum
gadoteridol
iodixanolum
iodixanol
domperidona
domperidone
domperidonum
glafenina
glafeninum
glafenine
clofaziminum
clofazimina
clofazimine
valproate semisodique
valproate semisodium
valproato semisodico
valproatum seminatricum
trimetobenzamida
trimethobenzamidum
trimethobenzamide
benzonatatum
benzonatate
benzonatato
butoconazolum
butoconazol
butoconazole
ciclandelato
cyclandelatum
cyclandelate
dapsone
dapsonum
dapsona
demeclociclina
demeclocycline
demeclocyclinum
droperidolum
droperidol
bentiromidum
bentiromido
bentiromide
cyclothiazidum
ciclotiazida
cyclothiazide
cefprozilum
cefprozilo
biperidenum
biperideno
biperidene
biperiden
monobenzona
monobenzone
monobenzonum
colistimethate sodium
dicoumarolum
dicumarol
dicoumarol
dipivefrinum
dipivefrina
dipivefrine
lymecyclinum
limeciclina
lymecycline
oxybenzone
oxybenzonum
oxibenzona
fosinopril
colistina
colistinum
colistine
carbidopum
hymecromone
hymecromonum
himecromona
alcuronii chloridum
cloruro de alcuronio
chlorure d'alcuronium
alcuronium chloride
bromuro de ipratropio
bromure d'ipratropium
ipratropii bromidum
diclofenamida
diclofenamidum
dichlofenamide
diltiazemum
diltiazem
ciprofloxacino
ciprofloxacin
ciprofloxacine
ciprofloxacinum
phenylbutazonum
fenilbutazona
phenylbutazone
clorpropamida
chlorpropamide
chlorpropamidum
darunavir
darunavirum
butalbitalum
butalbital
bumetanidum
bumetanida
bumetanide
anfepramona
amfepramone
amfepramonum
esmolol
ethambutol
ethambutolum
etambutol
bevantololum
bevantolol
digoxin
bromfenacum
bromfenaco
bromfenac
acide clodronique
acidum clodronicum
acido clodronico
clodronic acid
metribolonum
metribolone
metribolona
abacavir
enoxacino
enoxacine
enoxacin
enoxacinum
desonidum
desonide
desonida
desloratadine
clobetasolum
clobetasol
cincocainio
cinchocaine
cinchocainum
cefiximum
cefixima
cefixime
fosinoprilat
fosinoprilatum
caspofungin
entecavir
cefepimum
cefepima
cefepime
levofenfluramina
(R)-fenfluramine
levofenfluraminum
levofenfluramine
darifenacin
enprofilina
enprofyllinum
enprofylline
cinalukast
practolol
practololum
dexfenfluramine
dexfenfluramina
dexfenfluraminum
didanosine
didanosinum
didanosina
cefotiamum
cefotiam
candicidine
candicidin
candicidinum
candicidina
ertapenem
balsalazida
balsalazidum
balsalazide
carprofeno
carprofenum
carprofene
carprofen
propyphenazonum
propifenazona
propyphenazone
acidum oxolinicum
acido oxolinico
acide oxolinique
oxolinic acid
foscarnetum natricum
foscarneto sodico
foscarnet sodique
foscarnet sodium
bambuterolum
bambuterol
fenticlorum
fenticloro
fenticlor
ciclopiroxum
ciclopirox
cladribinum
cladribina
cladribine
Tioxolonum
tioxolona
tioxolone
clopentixol
clopenthixolum
ketoxalum
kethoxal
homofenazine
carbetocinum
carbetocino
carbetocin
cefpiramidum
cefpiramido
cefpiramide
cefditoren
cefotetan
cefotetanum
cefpodoxima
cefpodoximum
cefpodoxime
metamizolum natricum
metamizole sodique
meamizol sodico
sulfacloropiridazina
sulfachlorpyridazinum
sulfachlorpyridazine
metofenazatum
metofenazato
metofenazate
tiopropazato
thiopropazatum
thiopropazate
tioproferazina
thioproperazinum
thioproperazine
phanquinonum
fanquinona
amorolfinum
amorolfina
amorolfine
daptomycinum
daptomycin
daptomicina
daptomycine
micafungin
micafungin
cidofovir
chlormerodrin
chlormerodrina
chlormerodrinum
chlormerodrine
chlormerodrin (197Hg)
ceforanidum
ceforanido
ceforanide
ceruletidum
ceruletida
ceruletide
cetrorelixum
cetrorelix
clorfenesina
chlorphenesin
chlorphenesinum
chlorphenesine
chlorphenesin
chlorphenesine
clorfenesina
chlorphenesinum
dexbrompheniraminum
dexbromfeniramina
dexbrompheniramine
cinolazepamum
cinolazepam
bromazinum
bromazina
bromazine
bendroflumetiazida
bendroflumethiazidum
bendroflumethiazide
ceftibuteno
ceftibutenum
ceftibutene
ceftibuten
cerivastatin
betazolum
betazol
betazole
omocianine
chlormezanone
chlormezanonum
chlormezanona
cloroprocaina
chloroprocaine
chloroprocainum
chlorothiazidum
chlorothiazide
clorotiazida
candoxatrilat
rotoxamine
sapropterin
sapropterinum
sapropterina
bivalirudin
clofarabinum
clofarabina
clofarabine
clomocyclinum
clomocycline
clomocyclina
clonazepam
clonazepamum
colesevelam
colestipolum
clenbuterol
clenbuterolum
clocortolona
clocortolone
clocortolonum
delavirdine
clinolamida
clinolamide
clinolamidum
corticotrophinum
corticotrophine
corticotropin
corticotrofina
demeclocycline hydrochloride
argipressinum
argipresina
argipressine
dimethylthiambutene
dimethylthiambutenum
dimetiltiambuteno
diritromicina
dirithromycinum
dirithromycin
dirithromycine
docetaxel
doxapram
encainidum
encainide
encainida
encainide
desoximetasona
desoximetasone
desoximetasonum
acide cromoglicique
acido cromoglicico
acidum cromoglicicum
cromoglicic acid
cicrimina
cycrimine
cycriminum
dyclonine
dycloninum
diclonina
diflorasonum
diflorasone
diflorasona
diphemanili metilsulfas
diphemanil methylsulfate
metilsulfato de difemanilo
metilsulfate de diphemanil
diphenylpyraline
difenilpiralina
diphenylpyralinum
dorzolamide
doxacurium chloride
doxacurii chloridum
chlorure de doxacurium
cloruro de doxacurio
eritrityl tetranitrate
eritrityli tetranitras
tetranitrato de eritritilo
tetranitrate d'eritrityle
conivaptan
iodure d'ecothiopate
ecothiopati iodidum
ioduro de ecotiopato
ecothiopate iodide
ecothiopatum
ecothiopate
myrophine
myrophinum
mirofina
edrophonium chloride
chlorure d'edrophonium
edrophonii chloridum
cloruro de edrofonio
emedastine fumarate
enalapril
enalaprila
enalaprilum
dexfenfluramine hydrochloride
megluminum
meglumine
meglumina
remifentanil
ropivacaine
ropivacaina
ropivacainum
ketamina
ketamine
ketaminum
bromuro de pancuronio
pancuronii bromidum
bromure de pancuronium
pancuronium bromide
flavoxate
flavoxatum
flavoxato
voriconazole
thiopental sodique
thiopentalum natricum
tiopental sodico
thiopental sodium
etoricoxib
hidralazina
hydralazinum
hydralazine
famciclovir
famciclovirum
metipranololum
metipranolol
mexiletina
mexiletine
mexiletinum
ethchlorvynolum
ethchlorvynol
etclorvinol
etinamato
ethinamatum
ethinamate
ethotoin
ethotoine
etotoina
ethotoinum
fenoprofen
fenoprofene
fenoprofeno
fenoprofenum
orfenadrina
orphenadrinum
orphenadrine
levomentholum
levomenthol
felbamate
felbamatum
felbamato
fenoprofen calcium
levofloxacinum
levofloxacino
levofloxacine
acido aceneuramico
acide aceneuramique
acidium aceneuramicum
aceneuramic acid
moracizine
moracizinum
moracizina
acido hidroxitoluico
acide hydroxytoluique
acidum hydroxytoluicum
hydroxytoluic acid
cifostodina
cifostodine
cifostodinum
geroquinolum
geroquinol
acide metiazinique
acidum metiazinicum
acido metiazinico
metiazinic acid
melphalanum
melfalano
melphalan
verteporfin
trioxysalene
trioxysalenum
trioxisaleno
trioxysalen
acidum etidronicum
acido etidronico
acide etidronique
etidronic acid
bupivacaine
penciclovirum
penciclovir
heparina
heparine
heparinum
levobupivacaine
sufentanilum
sufentanil
mesoridazina
mesoridazinum
mesoridazine
secobarbital
secobarbitalum
prenisteine
prenisteina
prenisteinum
acide nalidixique
acidum nalidixicum
nalidixic acid
acido nalidixico
norfloxacine
norfloxacino
norfloxacinum
norfloxacin
carfentanilo
carfentanil
carfentanilum
basifungin
anileridinum
anileridine
anileridina
sulfafurazolum
sulfafurazole
idoxuridine
idoxuridina
Idoxuridinum
lamotrigine
lamotriginum
lamotrigina
suxamethonium chloride
cloruro de suxametonio
suxamethonii chloridum
hyoscine methobromide
neratinib
canertinib
fenoterol
fenoterolum
metoclopramidum
metoclopramida
metoclopramide
nordazepam
nordazepamum
lomefloxacin
fentanylum
fentanilo
fosmidomycin
fosmidomycine
fosmidomycina
fosmidomycinum
profenamina
profenaminum
profenamine
felodipinum
felodipine
felodipina
etodolaco
etodolac
etodolacum
porfimere sodique
porfimer sodium
porfimerum natricum
porfimer sodico
floxuridinum
floxiridina
floxuridine
timolol
bicozamycin
bicozamycine
bicozamicina
bicozamycinum
ethosuximidum
etosuximida
ethosuximide
tacrolimus
metildopa
methyldopum
methyldopa
romidepsin
lefradafiban
etomidato
etomidatum
etomidate
exemestanum
exemestano
exemestane
acecainida
acecainidum
acecainide
felypressine
felypressin
felipresina
felypressinum
esketamine
rolicyclidine
roliciclidina
rolicyclidinum
doxycycline
belinostat
naproxol
cyclobutyrolum
cyclobutyrol
ciclobutirol
acetobutolol
thalidomidum
thalidomide
talidomida
aminofilina
aminophylline
aminophyllinum
cefuroximo
cefuroxime
cefuroximum
apramycine
apramycin
apramicina
apramycinum
beclometasone
beclometasonum
beclometasona
olsalazine
histrelinum
histrelin
histreline
histrelina
metacyclinum
metaciclina
metacycline
streptomycin
acido fitico
acidum fyticum
acide fytique
thiramum
thirame
thiram
hidroxiprogesterona
hydroxyprogesteronum
hydroxyprogesterone
oxcarbazepine
oxcarbazepina
oxcarbazepinum
methyltestosterone
metiltestosterona
methyltestosteronum
pentaerithrityl tetranitrate
pentaerithrityli tetranitras
tetranitrato de pentaeritritilo
tetranitrate de pentaerithrityle
monensin
monensina
monensinum
fosfomycinum
fosfomicina
fosfomycine
fosfomycin
tolbutamida
tolbutamide
tolbutamidum
propylthiouracilum
propylthiouracil
propylthiouracile
propiltiouracilo
calteridol
permethrin
azapropazonum
azapropazona
dibekacin
arbekacin
etofenprox
emivirine
mecysteine
mecisteina
mecysteinum
formoterolum
formoterol
veliparib
rolitetraciclina
rolitetracyclinum
rolitetracycline
levofloxacin
ixabepilone
linezolid
masitinib
midostaurin
fingolimod
cefodizima
cefodizimum
cefodizime
riboprine
riboprina
riboprinum
fitomenadiona
phytomenadionum
entacapona
leuproreline
leuprorelinum
leuprorelina
tixocortol
tixocortolum
lamivudine
iopromidum
iopromida
iopromide
ribavirinum
ribavirina
ribavirine
ribavirin
stavudinum
estavudina
stavudine
cabazitaxelum
cabazitaxel
etravirine
colestolone
colestolonum
colestolona
nitarsonum
nitarson
nitarsone
telbivudine
succimero
succimerum
succimer
tenofovir
tolcapone
topotecanum
topotecane
topotecan
saquinavir
mefloquina
mefloquinum
mefloquine
misoprostolum
misoprostol
moxifloxacin
nelzarabine
nevirapine
pemetrexed
pergolida
pergolide
pergolidum
pravastatina
pravastatine
pravastatin
pravastatinum
propafenonum
propafenone
propafenona
rasagiline
sotalolum
sotalol
tipranavir
tizanidina
tizanidinum
tizanidine
topiramatum
topiramato
topiramate
triptoreline
triptorelinum
triptorelin
triptorelina
valganciclovir
vigabatrina
vigabatrine
vigabatrin
vigabatrinum
maraviroc
rivastigmine
calcitonin
carbinoxamine
ketamine
zileuton
zileuton
zileutonum
zileuton
bitolterol
bitolterol
levetiracetam
levetiracetamum
gonadorelina
gonadorelinum
gonadorelin
amlodipine
dobutamine
nimodipine
nimodipinum
nimodipino
indapamidum
indapamida
metronidazolum
metronidazol
metronidazole
metirosina
metirosinum
metirosine
betaxolol
betaxolol
cyclopentolate
gatifloxacino
gatifloxacinum
gatifloxacine
icomucret
sertralina
sertralinum
sertraline
tryptophan
tridolgosir
lavoltidinum
lavoltidine
lavoltidina
carisoprodol
carisoprodol
azelastine
diprophylline
paroxetina
paroxetinum
sulpiride
sulpiridum
sulpirida
nemonapride
butoconazole
natrii stibogluconas
estibogluconato sodico
stibogluconate de sodium
sodium stibogluconate
sulfadiazinum
sulfadiazine
sulfadiazine
sulfadiazina
arginine
pyrimethamine
tetrabenazinum
tetrabenazine
tetrabenazina
monobenzone
sulmazolum
sulmazol
sulmazole
fenretinidum
fenretinida
fenretinide
afimoxifene
ribostamycinum
ribostamycine
ribostamycin
ribostamicina
pentamidine
zardaverinum
zardaverina
zardaverine
lucanthone
acedobenum
acedobene
acedoben
tafluprost
ivacaftor
vismodegib
sitoglusidum
sitogluside
ivermectinum
ivermectine
ivermectin
ivermectino
timonacicum
timonacico
timonacic
nitroxolina
nitroxolinum
levobetaxolol
levobetaxololum
levobetaxolol
levobetaxolol
donepezilum
donepezilo
donepezil
bevirimat
glucagonum
glucagon
tenociclidina
tenocyclidine
tenocyclidinum
somatostatine
somatostatina
somatostatinum
somatostatin
avanafil
peginesatide
ruxolitinib
levosulpirida
levosulpiridum
levosulpiride
tropanserina
tropanserine
tropanserinum
tropanserin
ximelagatranum
ximelagatran
ximelagatran
ximelagatran
memantinum
memantina
memantine
sorbinil
sorbinilo
sorbinilum
demecolcine
demecolcinum
demecolcina
benserazide
benserazida
benserazidum
iloperidona
iloperidone
iloperidone
iloperidonum
ritanserinum
ritanserin
ritanserina
ritanserine
crizotinib
paromomycinum
paromomicina
paromomycin
paromomycine
metergolinum
metergolina
metergoline
ciglitazone
ciglitazona
ciglitazonum
aclidinium bromide
carfilzomib
mirabegron
lorcaserin
sulfacetamidum
sulfacetamida
sulfacetamide
nebivololum
nebivolol
amisulpridum
amisulprida
amisulpride
dimercaprol
dimercaprolum
carmoxirole
carmoxirolum
carmoxirol
metitepina
metitepine
metitepinum
spiramide
spiramidum
espiramida
exisulind
salmeterolum
salmeterol
exenatide
vanoxerine
vanoxerinum
vanoxerina
glutaralum
glutaral
busulfanum
busulfano
busulfan
busulfan
lenalidomide
ergotaminum
ergotamina
ergotamine
isoprenaline
isoprenalina
isoprenalinum
isoprenaline
idoxuridine
metolazonum
metolazona
metolazone
posaconazole
pregabalin
dronabinol
amfepramone
carbimida calcica
carbimide calcique
calcium carbimide
propranolol
esmolol
esmolol
iloprost
iloprostum
artesunato
artesunatum
artesunate
bisulfito sodico de menadiona
menadioni natrii bisulfis
bisulfite sodique de menadione
menadione sodium bisulfite
bevantolol
bevantolol
profenamine
polysorbatum
polisorbato
polysorbate
polisorbato
polysorbatum
polysorbate
polysorbatum
polisorbato
polysorbate
polysorbate
bambuterol
bambuterol
acenocumarol
acenocoumarol
aceprometazine
bromazine
chlormezanone
clenbuterol
clenbuterol
doxapram
doxapram
cycrimine
ethosuximide
sirolimusum
sirolimus
sirolimus
phencyclidine
fenciclidina
phencyclidinum
etoricoxib
etoricoxib
etoricoxibum
acido elagico
acidum ellagicum
acide ellagique
ellagic acid
glafenine
alclofenaco
alclofenac
alclofenacum
bacitracinum
bacitracina
bacitracine
bacitracin
terbutaline
terbutaline
terbutalina
terbutalinum
fampridina
fampridine
fampridinum
pitavastatia
pitavastatine
pitavastatin
pitavastatinum
betahistine
betahistine
betahistinum
betahistina
astromicine
astromicinum
astromicina
astromicin
novobiocinum
novobiocine
novobiocina
tioguanine
tioguanina
tioguaninum
tioguanine
sinefungina
sinefungine
sinefunginum
sinefungin
diethyltoluamide
dietiltoluamida
diethyltoluamide
diethyltoluamidum
benfotiamine
benfotiaminum
benfotiamina
benfotiamine
probenecid
probenecidum
probenecida
probenecide
celecoxibum
celecoxib
celecoxib
celecoxib
gabapentine
gabapentina
gabapentinum
gabapentin
pyrazinamide
pyrazinamide
pyrazinamidum
pyrazinamida
milrinone
ivacaftorum
ivacaftor
ivacaftor
vismodegibum
vismodegib
vismodegib
axitinib
axitinibum
axitinib
axitinib
mebutate d'ingenol
ingenol mebutate
ingenoli mebutas
mebutato de ingenol
bevirimat
bevirimatum
bevirimat
pralatrexate
pralatrexato
pralatrexatum
pralatrexate
ceftaroline fosamil
ceftarolinum fosamilum
ceftaroline fosamil
ceftarolina fosamilo
lurasidona
lurasidone
lurasidone
lurasidonum
asenapine
asenapinum
asenapine
asenapina
nitrofurantoina
nitrofurantoine
nitrofurantoinum
nitrofurantoin
phenazopyridine
fenazopiridina
phenazopyridinum
phenazopyridine
lividomycin
lividomycinum
lividomicina
lividomycine
procarbazine
procarbazinum
procarbazina
procarbazine
meglutolum
meglutol
meglutol
parecoxib
parecoxibum
parecoxib
parecoxib
tilmacoxib
tilmacoxibum
tilmacoxib
tilmacoxib
lumiracoxib
lumiracoxibum
lumiracoxib
lumiracoxib
gadobutrolum
gadobutrol
gadobutrol
gadobutrol
roflumilastum
roflumilast
roflumilast
roflumilast
azilsartan medoxomilo
azilsartan medoxomil
azilsartan medoxomil
azilsartanum medoxomilum
azilsartan
dienogest
dienogestum
dienogest
dienogest
rofecoxib
rofecoxib
rofecoxibum
rofecoxib
deracoxib
deracoxib
deracoxibum
deracoxib
dasatinib
dasatinib
gitaloxin
gitaloxina
gitaloxinum
gitaloxine
tofacitinib
tofacitinib
tofacitinibum
tofacitinib
bepotastine
bepotastina
bepotastinum
bepotastine
telavancin hydrochloride
telavancine
telavancin
telavancina
telavancinum
icatibant
rivaroxaban
perampanelum
perampanel
perampanel
perampanel
mepesuccinate d'omacetaxine
omacetaxine mepesuccinate
mepesuccinato de omacetaxina
omacetaxini mepesuccinas
deferiprone
retigabine
pazopanib
pazopanib
pazopanib
pazopanibum
rilpivirine
bufexamacum
bufexamaco
bufexamac
liraglutide
liraglutidum
liraglutida
liraglutide
alogliptina
alogliptine
alogliptinum
alogliptin
levobunololum
saxagliptin
pasireotida
pasireotide
pasireotide
pasireotidum
temozolomida
temozolomide
temozolomidum
temozolomide
dacarbazine
dacarbazine
dacarbazinum
dacarbazina
gabapentinum enacarbilum
gabapentine enacarbil
gabapentina enacarbilo
gabapentin enacarbil
dabigatran
tadalafil
tolmetine
tolmetinum
tolmetino
tolmetin
guanadrel
guanadrel
indacaterol
linagliptin
alcaftadine
alcaftadina
alcaftadinum
alcaftadine
acidum carglumicum
acide carglumique
acido carglumico
carglumic acid
ceftaroline fosamil
palmidrolum
palmidrol
retaspimycin
cotinina
cotininum
cotinine
abiraterone
regorafenib
regorafenib
regorafenibum
regorafenib
dabigatran etexilate
elvitegravir
elvitegravir
elvitegravirum
elvitegravir
teduglutide
boceprevir
Tolectin
cobicistat
cobicistat
cobicistatum
cobicistat
bedaquiline
bedaquilinum
bedaquilina
bedaquiline
apixabanum
apixaban
apixaban
apixaban
lomitapide
cabazitaxel
cabazitaxel
pomalidomide
silibininum
silibinine
silibinina
silibinin
silicristine
silicristinum
silicristina
ticagrelor
everolimus
everolimus
everolimus
everolimusum
valdecoxib
valdecoxibum
valdecoxib
valdecoxib
teriflunomide
ioflupano (123I)
ioflupane (123I)
ioflupane (123I)
ioflupanum (123I)
vilazodona
vilazodonum
vilazodone
vilazodone
triclosan
triclosan
romidepsina
romidepsinum
romidepsine
glimepiride
gimepiride
glimepiridum
glimepirida
cefamandole
semustina
semustinum
semustine
famciclovir
famciclovir
metamfetamine
metamfetaminum
metamfetamine
metanfetamina
pimozide
calcitriol
calcitriol
prednisolone
prednisolone
prednisolona
prednisolonum
cobamamida
cobamamide
triamcinolone
triamcinolona
triamcinolonum
triamcinolone
fluticasona
fluticasonum
fluticasone
latanoprostum
latanoprost
latanoprost
latanoprost
leflunomide
leflunomidum
leflunomida
leflunomide
suxibuzone
androstanolone
josamycine
josamycinum
josamicina
josamycin
penciclovir
penciclovir
mibolerone
mibolerona
miboleronum
mibolerone
mesalazina
mesalazinum
mesalazine
chloroxylenolum
cloroxilenol
chloroxylenol
chloroxylenol
Argipressin
cefprozil
cefprozil
prednisone
dipivefrine
devapamilo
devapamil
devapamilum
hydroxycarbamidum
hydroxycarbamide
hidroxicarbamida
fluorouracil
fluorouracilo
fluorouracilum
fluorouracil
ezetimibe
ezetimiba
ezetimibum
phenylbutazone
chlorphenamine
hycanthone
fosaprepitant
fosaprepitant
fosaprepitant
fosaprepitantum
colterolum
colterol
colterol
colterol
melagatranum
melagatran
melagatran
melagatran
oglufanide
aclarubicina
aclarubicine
aclarubicinum
aclarubicin
gadoteric acid
disoglusido
disogluside
disoglusidum
batilol
batilol
aminoacridina
aminoacridine
aminoacridinum
aminoacridine
furoato de fluticasona
furoate de fluticasone
fluticasonum furoas
fluticasone furoate
ancitabine
ancitabine
ancitabina
ancitabinum
azaserine
azaserine
azaserina
azaserinum
aprepitant
aprepitant
aprepitantum
chlorquinaldolum
clorquinaldol
chlorquinaldol
chlorquinaldol
formestane
formestano
formestane
formestanum
ornidazolum
ornidazol
ornidazole
ornidazole
trifluridinum
trifluridine
trifluridina
thiodiglycol
tiodiglicol
thiodiglycolum
clioquinolum
clioquinol
clioquinol
clioquinol
mesulergine
mesulergina
mesulerginum
mesulergine
spiramide
palmitate de colfosceril
Palmitato de colfoscerilo
colfosceril palmitate
colfoscerili palmitas
canagliflozin
sertindole
fingolimodum
fingolimod
fingolimod
clorgilinum
clorgilina
clorgiline
clorgiline
doxifluridine
doxifluridinum
doxifluridina
doxifluridine
promegestona
promegestonum
promegestone
nisoxetina
nisoxetinum
nisoxetine
nisoxetine
isospaglumic acid
vilanterol
calcifediol
cloruro de acriflavinio
acriflavinii chloridum
chlorure d'acriflavinium
acriflavinium chloride
dabrafenib
fradafiban
fradafibanum
fradafiban
fradafiban
risperidone
devazepida
devazepidum
devazepide
isotretinoina
spiperone
teriflunomide
teriflunomida
teriflunomidum
masoprocol
masoprocolum
masoprocol
masoprocol
acivicinum
acivicino
acivicine
acivicin
dextromoramidum
dextromoramide
dextromoramide
dextromoramida
furaltadona
furaltadonum
furaltadone
furaltadone
noscapina
noscapine
noscapine
noscapinum
fosinoprilat
fosinoprilat
carbimazole
carbimazole
piroctone
metamizole sodium
myrophine
analapril
fluprostenol
fluprostenol
fluprostenolum
fluprostenol
lefradafiban
lefradafiban
lefradafibanum
travoprost
travoprostum
travoprost
travoprost
voriconazole
voriconazol
voriconazolum
sulindac
semustine
nabumetona
nabumetonum
nabumetone
meloxicamum
meloxicam
meloxicam
meloxicam
probucol
probucol
probucol
probucolum
levomentol
levomenthol
mefenamic acid
acide mefenamique
acidum mefenamicum
acido mefenamico
fluticasone
choline alfoscerate
nitrendipinum
nitrendipine
nitrendipino
oxaprozina
oxaprozinum
oxaprozine
oxaprozin
acidum tolfenamicum
acido tolfenamico
acide tolfenamique
tolfenamic acid
amineptine
iopamidol
iopamidol
chloroquine
aceclofenaco
aceclofenacum
aceclofenac
aceclofenac
acemetacina
acemetacinum
acemetacin
acemetacine
alclofenac
thiamine
salsalate
salsalato
salsalatum
salsalate
hydroxychloroquinum
hydroxychloroquine
hidroxicloroquina
hydroxychloroquine
dicoumarol
methylphenobarbital
methylphenobarbitalum
metilfenobarbital
sitagliptinum
sitagliptina
sitagliptine
sitagliptin
tenoxicam
tenoxicam
tenoxicamum
tenoxicam
cycloserine
cycloserine
cycloserinum
cicloserina
ampiroxicam
ampiroxicamum
ampiroxicam
ampiroxicam
fluconazolum
fluconazol
fluconazole
vorinostat
vorinostat
vorinostatum
vorinostat
meclofenamic acid
acidum meclofenamicum
acido meclofenamico
acide meclofenamique
acide medronique
acido medronico
acidum medronicum
medronic acid
metyrapone
indometacina
indometacin
indometacinum
indometacine
aminotiazol
aminothiazol
aminothiazolum
aminothiazole
abafunginum
abafungina
abafungine
abafungin
duvoglustat
carboplatin
nabumetone
mofebutazone
mofebutazona
mofebutazonum
mofebutazone
rifaximine
rifaximinun
rifaximina
rifaximin
bendazac
bendazacum
bendazaco
bendazac
benoxaprofeno
benoxaprofene
benoxaprofenum
benoxaprofen
miroprofenum
miroprofene
miroprofeno
miroprofen
oxametacine
oxametacina
oxametacinum
oxametacin
teniposide
teniposidum
teniposido
teniposide
vortioxetinum
vortioxetine
vortioxetine
vortioxetina
riociguat
riociguat
riociguatum
riociguat
penimepicycline
penimepiciclina
penimepicyclinum
penimepicycline
ketorolac
ketorolac
ketorolacum
ketorolaco
trifluridine
bumadizonum
bumadizona
bumadizone
vedaprofenum
vedaprofene
vedaprofeno
vedaprofen
flutemetamol ((18)F)
firocoxib
firocoxibum
firocoxib
firocoxib
flunixino
flunixinum
flunixine
flunixin
flunoxaprofene
flunoxaprofeno
flunoxaprofenum
flunoxaprofen
ibufenaco
ibufenacum
ibufenac
ibuproxamum
ibuproxam
ibuproxam
ibuproxam
indoprofeno
indoprofene
indoprofenum
indoprofen
isoxicam
isoxicamo
isoxicam
isoxicamum
proglumide
proglumida
proglumidum
proglumide
robenacoxib
robenacoxib
robenacoxibum
robenacoxib
tepoxaliume
tepoxaline
tepoxalina
tepoxalin
tramadolum
tramadol
tramadol
tramadol
acidum etacrynicum
acido etacrinico
acide etacrynique
pridinolum
pridinol
acide pipemidique
acidum pipemidicum
acido pipemidico
pipemidic acid
miltefosine
miltefosinum
miltefosina
miltefosine
trametinibum
trametinib
trametinib
trametinib
phenformine
phenformin
phenforminum
fenformina
racementhol
racementol
racementholum
racementhol
lactitol
lactitol
lactitol
lactitolum
proglumetacina
proglumetacinum
proglumetacine
proglumetacin
cimicoxib
dexketoprofen
droxicam
droxicam
droxicamum
droxicam
tomelukast
tomelukastum
tomelukast
tomelukast
oxyphenbutazone
oxifenbutazona
oxyphenbutazonum
oxyphenbutazone
nepafenacum
nepafenaco
nepafenac
nepafenac
flecainide
flecainidum
flecainida
flecainide
alminoprofenum
alminoprofeno
alminoprofen
alminoprofene
mavacoxib
mavacoxib
mavacoxibum
mavacoxib
vilanterolum
vilanterol
vilanterol
levcycloserine
levcycloserine
levcicloserina
levcycloserinum
kebuzone
kebuzonum
quebuzona
kebuzone
lonazolac
lonazolaco
lonazolacum
lonazolac
lornoxicam
lornoxicam
lornoxicamum
lornoxicam
loxoprofene
loxoprofeno
loxoprofenum
loxoprofen
bopindololum
etanidazole
pipaciclina
pipacyclinum
pipacycline
nimustine
nimustina
nimustinum
nimustine
sodium tetradecyl sulfate
glucuronamide
quinpirolum
quinpirol
quinpirole
amfenacum
amfenac
amfenac
amfenaco
naproxcinod
naproxcinodum
naproxcinod
naproxcinod
afatinib
afatinib
afatinibum
afatinib
clonixine
clonixinum
clonixino
clonixin
vadimezan
vadimezanum
vadimezan
vadimezan
phentolamine
fentolamina
phentolamine
phentolaminum
macitentan
oxymetazoline
oxymetazolinum
oxymetazoline
oxymetazolina
pyrantel
pirantel
pyrantel
pyrantelum
terbinafinum
terbinafina
terbinafine
tetracaine
nelfinavir
nelfinavir mesylate
lincomycin
lincomicina
lincomycinum
lincomycine
nizatidine
nizatidinum
nizatidina
nizatidine
tioconazole
tioconazol
tioconazolum
tioconazole
metrifonate
metrifonate
metrifonatum
metrifonato
trovafloxacinum
trovafloxacine
trovafloxacino
trovafloxacin
verapamil
mupirocine
mupirocinum
mupirocin
mupirocina
ramipril
ofloxacino
ofloxacin
ofloxacine
ofloxacinum
stanozololum
estanozolol
stanozolol
stanozolol
carbocisteine
carbocisteinum
carbocisteina
carbocisteine
nisoldipine
nisoldipino
nisoldipinum
nisoldipine
nafenopine
nafenopina
nafenopin
nafenopinum
acetohexamide
acetohexamida
acetohexamidum
acetohexamide
tropisetronum
tropisetron
cetylpyridinii chloridum
cloruro de cetilpiridinio
cetylpyridinium chloride
chlorure de cetylpyridinium
chlorure de dequalinium
dequalinii chloridum
cloruro de decalinio
dequalinium chloride
nateglinida
nateglinide
nateglinide
nateglinidum
bifonazol
bifonazole
bifonazolum
bifonazole
levamisole
levamisole
levamisol
levamisolum
metocarbamol
methocarbamolum
methocarbamol
methocarbamol
escitalopram
escitalopram
escitalopram
escitalopramum
etisterona
ethisterone
ethisterone
ethisteronum
rosuvastatin
tetryzolina
teetryzoline
tetryzoline
tetryzolinum
tylosinum
tylosine
tilosina
tylosin
benproperinum
benproperina
benproperine
benproperine
mitoguazone
mitoguazone
mitoguazonum
mitoguazona
norethisterone
mecysteine
esomeprazole
fludrocortisone
piclamilast
piclamilast
piclamilast
piclamilastum
bromhexine
bromhexina
bromhexinum
bromhexine
ramiprilat
ramiprilate
ramiprilatum
Argiprestocinum
Argiprestocine
argiprestocina
oxamniquinum
oxamniquina
oxamniquine
oxamniquine
tranilast
tranilast
tranilastum
tranilast
acadesine
acadesine
acadesinum
acadesina
chlorpropamide
glibenclamide
tolazamide
tolazamidum
tolazamida
tolazamide
tosufloxacinum
tosufloxacino
tosufloxacin
tosufloxacin
oxidopaminum
oxidopamine
oxidopamine
oxidopamina
granisetron
granisetron
granisetron
granisetronum
dexverapamilum
dexverapamil
dexverapamil
dexverapamilo
crizotinib
crizotinib
crizotinibum
nimetazepam
nimetazepam
nimetazepamum
nimetazepam
nitrazepam
nitrazepam
nitrazepamum
nitrazepam
oxiconazol
oxiconazole
oxiconazolum
oxiconazole
lomustina
lomustine
lomustinum
lomustine
mevastatin
mevastatinum
mevastatina
mevastatine
fluvastatinum
fluvastatine
fluvastatina
dextilidine
dextilidinum
dextilidine
dextilidina
tilidina
tilidine
tilidine
tilidinum
lancovutide
armodafinil
armodafinilo
armodafinilum
armodafinil
modafinil
modafinilum
modafinilo
modafinil
acetonide de fluocinolone
fluocinolone acetonide
acetonido de fluocinolona
fluocinoloni acetonidum
methylrosanilinii chloridum
methylrosanilinium chloride
chlorure de methylrosanilinium
cloruro de metilrosanilina
minoxidil
minoxidil
minoxidil
minoxidilum
citalopram
citalopram
ipriflavona
ipriflavone
ipriflavonum
ipriflavone
dexamisole
dexamisol
dexamisolum
dexamisole
tetramisolum
tetramisole
tetramisole
tetramisol
monepantelum
monepantel
monepantel
monepantel
salmeterol
salmeterol
hexachlorophene
hexaclorofeno
hexachlorophene
hexachlorophenum
methoxyflurane
methoxyfluranum
metoxiflurano
methoxyflurane
epalrestat
epalrestat
epalrestatum
epalrestat
eperisone
eperisone
eperisona
eperisonum
ethylestrenol
ethylestrenolum
ethylestrenol
etilestrenol
fenbendazol
fenbendazole
fenbendazole
fenbendazolum
flubendazole
flubendazolum
flubendazole
flubendazol
torasemide
torasemidum
torasemida
torasemide
acido tienilico
acidum tienilicum
acide tienilique
tienilic acid
edelfosinum
edelfosina
edelfosine
oltipraz
oltipraz
oltiprazum
oltipraz
carmustina
carmustine
carmustinum
carmustine
sulconazolum
sulconazol
sulconazole
sulconazole
sulfaphenazolum
sulfaphenazol
sulfaphenazole
sulfafenazol
temafloxacine
temafloxacinum
temafloxacino
temafloxacin
ebselen
ebselenum
ebselene
ebseleno
idebenone
idebenonum
idebenone
idebenona
cloruro de benzetonio
benzethonium chloride
chlorure de benzethonium
benzethonii chloridum
benzoato de estradiol
estradiol benzoate
benzoate d'estradiol
estradioli benzoas
spectinomycinum
espectinomicina
spectinomycine
spectinomycin
pentetrazol
pentetrazolum
pentetrazol
pentetrazol
triacetinum
triacetina
triacetine
triacetin
dinoprostum
dinoprosta
dinoprost
metacetamolum
metacetamol
metacetamol
metacetamol
alfacalcidolum
alfacalcidol
alfacalcidol
alfacalcidol
emodepside
emodepsida
emodepsidum
emodepside
glipizida
glipizidum
glipizide
glipizide
teprenonum
teprenone
teprenona
teprenone
macitentanum
macitentan
macitentan
ibrutinib
ibrutinib
ibrutinibum
ibrutinib
oxymetholone
oximetolona
oxymetholone
oxymetholonum
pemolina
pemoline
pemolinum
pemoline
bromisoval
bromisovalum
bromisoval
bromisoval
closantel
closantel
closantel
closantelum
perindopril
perindoprilum
meglumine
nocodazole
tirapazamine
tolnaftate
tolnaftatum
tolnaftato
tolnaftate
triaziquone
Triaziquonum
triazicuona
triaziquone
pipamperone
pipamperonum
pipamperone
pipamperona
florbetaben ((18)F)
maraviroc
maraviroc
maravirocum
maraviroc
droxidopa
tasimelteon
droxidopum
droxidopa
droxidopa
bromuro de umeclidinio
bromure d'umeclidinium
umeclidinii bromidum
umeclidinium bromide
tasimelteon
tasimelteonum
tasimelteon
menatetrenona
menatetrenone
menatetrenonum
amantadine sulphate
fluorometholone
fluorometholone
fluorometolona
fluorometholonum
alfatradiol
menatetrenone
tafamidis
elesclomol
psilocibina
eprinomectinum
eprinomectine
eprinomectina
eprinomectin
zofenopril
zofenoprilum
zofenoprilatum
zofenoprilate
zofenoprilat
apremilast
ponatinib
diminazene
diminazenum
diminazene
diminazeno
ceritinib
ceritinibum
ceritinib
ceritinib
tafamidis
tafamidis
tafamidisum
elesclomolum
elesclomol
elesclomol
zofenopril
zofenopril
zofenoprilat
apremilast
apremilastum
apremilast
ponatinib
ponatinibum
ponatinib
ractopamina
ractopamine
ractopamine
ractopaminum
butopamina
butopamine
butopaminum
butopamine
marizomib
marizomib
marizomib
marizomibum
ridaforolimus
ridaforolimus
ridaforolimusum
ridaforolimus
Tosylchloramide sodium
maitansine
maitansina
maitansinum
maitansine
ioduro de pralidoxima
pralidoximi iodidum
iodure de pralidoxime
pralidoxime iodide
diltiazem
diltiazem
oxolinic acid
fosamprenavir
ritonavir
terconazol
terconazole
terconazole
terconazolum
tiramo
elisidepsin
filipinum
filipina
filipine
olodaterol
vorapaxar
eprazinone
eprazinona
eprazinone
eprazinonum
tedizolid
efinaconazole
orciprenaline
orciprenaline
orciprenalina
orciprenalinum
naftifine
naftifina
naftifinum
naftifine
dalbavancin
levodropropizine
levdropropizine
levodropropizina
levodropropizinum
eliglustat
azosemide
eberconazole
eberconazolum
eberconazol
fenticonazole
fenticonazolum
fenticonazol
fenticonazole
flutrimazole
flutrimazolum
flutrimazol
flutrimazole
isoconazolum
isoconazole
isoconazol
sertaconazole
sertaconazole
sertaconazol
sertaconazolum
arasertaconazole
naloxegol
hydrochlorothiazide
hydrochlorothiazidum
hidroclorotiazida
Climbazolum
climbazol
acesulfamum
acesulfamo
acesulfamum
efinaconazole
efinaconazolum
efinaconazol
primidona
primidonum
primidone
acido ioxitalamico
acidum ioxitalamicum
acide ioxitalamique
ioxitalamic acid
desvenlafaxine
moclobemidum
moclobemide
moclobemida
paliperidone
enilconazole
azaconazole
azaconazole
azaconazol
azaconazolum
ergometrine
acrivastine
acrivastina
acrivastinum
acrivastine
tubulozol
tubulozole
tubulozolum
tubulazole
trabectedin
azacitidinum
azacitidina
penicillamine
alginic acid
thiomersalum
thiomersal
tiomersal
methylphenidate
pyrrolnitrine
pirrolnitrina
pyrrolnitrinum
pyrrolnitrin
pirfenidona
pirfenidonum
pirfenidone
pirfenidone
seliciclib
dexmetilfenidato
dexmethylphenidate
dexmethylphenidatum
dexmethylphenidate
egualen
egualene
egualeno
egualenum
amiodaronum
amiodarona
panobinostat
dapagliflozin
diosmin
diosminum
diosmine
ivabradine
palbociclib
lenvatinib
tazobactamum
tazobactam
carmelosa
croscarmellosum
carmellosum
croscarmelosa
croscarmellose
coumamycine
coumamycinum
cumamicina
ristocetina
satraplatin
triplatin tetranitrate
clopidogrel
clopidogrel
lixisenatida
lixisenatide
lixisenatidum
lixisenatide
ticlopidine
pristinamycin
olaparib
dexormaplatin
netupitant
peramivir
exenatide
exenatida
exenatidum
icosapent
exalamide
exalamidum
exalamida
exalamide
antazoline
antazolina
antazolinum
antazoline
vareniclina
vareniclinum
varenicline
varenicline
nicorandil
nicorandil
nicorandil
nicorandilum
tiagabine
tiagabinum
tiagabine
tiagabina
edoxaban
isavuconazole
eluxadoline
palonosetron
palonosetronum
palonosetron
palonosetron
palonosetron
nintedanib
teicoplanine
teicoplanin
teicoplanina
teicoplaninum
ormaplatino
ormaplatine
ormaplatinum
ormaplatin
amsacrina
amsacrinum
finafloxacin
dasabuvir
ombitasvir
triprolidinum
tripolidina
triprolidine
triprolidine
amprolium
amprolio
amprolium
flumequinum
flumequino
flumequine
chlortetracycline
chlortetracycline
chlortetracyclinum
clortetraciclina
rifamycine
rifamicina
rifamycinum
rifamycin
feredetate de sodium
feredato de sodio
natrii feredetas
sodium feredetate
anidulafunginum
anidulafungine
anidulafungina
ciclopirox
ciclopirox
enilconazolum
enilconazol
enilconazole
fluconazole
ketoconazole
ketoconazol
troleandomycin
cilofungine
troleandomicina
troleandomycinum
troleandomycine
isavuconazolum
isavuconazole
isavuconazol
licarbazepine
arasertaconazolum
arasertaconazole
arasertaconazol
fenticlor
cicloheximide
cicloheximide
flucytosinum
flucytosine
flucytosine
flucytosina
nitrofural
nitrofuralum
nitrofural
nitrofural
tiamulinum
tiamulina
tiamulin
tiamuline
furazolidone
furazolidone
virginiamycin
virginiamicina
virginiamycinum
virginiamycine
rosaramicinum
rosaramicin
rosaramicina
rosaramicine
propamidine
propamidinum
propamidine
propamidina
hexamidina
hexamidine
hexamidine
hexamidinum
florfenicol
tolonium chloride
chlorure de tolonium
cloruro de tolonio
tolonii chloridum
ranolazine
acido octanoico
octanoic acid
acidum octanoicum
acide octanoique
prasugrel
fulvestrantum
fulvestrant
fulvestrant
epiestriol
epiestriolum
lysine
lysina
lysinum
lysine
patupilone
patupilona
patupilonum
patupilone
benazepril
benazepril
benazepril
benazeprilum
benazeprilat
benazeprilatum
benazeprilat
benazeprilate
esmololum
azaperone
azaperona
azaperone
azaperonum
lorglumida
lorglumidum
lorglumide
lorglumide
nefopam
nefopamum
bisantreno
bisantrenum
bisantrene
bisantrene
dextrometorfano
diaziquonum
diazicuona
diaziquone
diaziquone
plitidepsine
plitidepsium
plitidepsin
plitidepsina
quizartinib
quizartinib
quizartinibum
quizartinib
merbrominum
merbromina
merbromine
rubitecan
rubitecanum
rubitecan
rubitecan
selumetinib
selumetinibum
selumetinib
selumetinib
tandutinib
tandutinibum
tandutinib
tandutinib
tiazofurinum
tiazofurine
tiazofurine
tiazofurina
vinflunine
vinflunina
vinfluninum
vinflunine
pirazofurina
pirazofurin
pirazofurine
pirazofurinum
tacedinaline
tacedinalina
selisistat
salisistat
selisistatum
selisistat
vemurafenib
vemurafenib
vemurafenibum
vemurafenib
doramapimod
sotrastaurin
sotrastaurina
sotrastaurine
sotrastaurinum
vatalanib
vatalanib
vatalanib
vatalanib
lonafarnibum
lonafarnib
lonafarnib
lonafarnib
nortriptyline
nortriptyline
nortriptylinum
nortriptylina
chlorzoxazone
naloxone
talmapimod
pamapimod
cangrelor
selexipag
cobimetinib
sonidegib
sonidegib phosphate
flibanserin
bupivacainum
bupivacaina
tipiracil
irinotecan
irinotecanum
rolapitant
uridine triacetate
tenofovir alafenamide
lesinurad
cariprazine
alectinib
ixazomib
lumacaftor
sugammadex
tiotropium bromide
glycopyrronium bromide
ritropirronium bromide
bromuro de glicopirronio
bromure de glycopyrronium
glycopyrronium bromide
glycopyrronii bromidum
alvocidib
alvocidibum
alvocidib
alvocidib
semaxanib
orantinib
tranylcyprominum
tranylcypromine
tranilcipromina
tranylcypromine
phenytoinum
fenitoina
phenytoin
phenytoine
difloxacine
difloxacin
difloxacino
difloxacinum
aloxistatina
aloxistatin
aloxistatine
aloxistatinum
talarozole
sodium ascorbate
ascorbate de sodium
natrii ascorbas
penamecilina
penamecillin
penamecilline
penamecillinum
clometocillinum
clometocilina
clometocillin
clometocilline
cefazedone
cefazedonum
cefazedona
cefazedone
cefatrizine
cefatrizina
cefatrizine
cefatrizinum
cefcapenum
cefcapeno
cefcapene
cefcapene
brodimoprim
brodimoprima
brodimoprime
brodimoprimum
sulfathiouree
sulfatiourea
sulfathiourea
sulfathiourea
sulfaperina
sulfaperin
sulfaperinum
sulfaperin
sulfamazone
sulfamazonum
sulfamazone
sulfamazona
flurithromycin
fluritromicina
flurithromycinum
flurithromycine
meldonium
garenoxacinum
garenoxacin
garenoxacino
garenoxacine
rosoxacin
rosoxacinum
rosoxacina
rosoxacine
fotemustine
fotemustinum
fotemustine
fotemustina
tanespimycina
tanespimycine
tanespimycinum
tanespimycin
linifanib
linifanibum
linifanib
linifanib
nifurtoinol
nifurtoinolum
sulfametrolum
sulfametrole
sulfametrol
sulfametrole
perondropilat
xibornol
xibornolum
xibornol
xibornol
entinostat
entinostatum
entinostat
entinostat
letosteine
letosteinum
letosteine
letosteina
azaribine
azaribina
azaribinum
aranotin
aranotina
aranotinum
aranotine
antelmycinum
antelmicina
antelmycin
antelmycine
amocarzine
fleroxacin
marbofloxacin
marbofloxacine
marbofloxacino
marbofloxacinum
dacomitinib
dacomitinibum
dacomitinib
dacomitinib
ciprofibrate
roxindol
roxindole
roxindolum
roxadustat
roxadustat
roxadustat
roxadustatum
elbasvir
obeticholic acid
grazoprevir
sapitinib
sapitinibum
sapitinib
sapitinib
velpatasvir
brivaracetam
pimavanserin
venetoclax
lifitegrast
cannabidiolum
cannabidiol
cannabidiol
cannabidiol
bisorcicum
bisorcico
bisorcic
norcodeinum
norcodeina
norcodeine
benznidazole
benznidazole
benznidazol
benznidazolum
perindoprilato
perindoprilate
perindoprilatum
sorafenib
climbazole
climbazole
crisaborole
carpronium chloride
carpronii chloridum
chlorure de carpronium
etamivanum
glymidine sodium
febuxostat
sodium dibunate
dibunate de sodium
tiquizium bromide
bopindolol
trospium chloride
flutropii bromidum
cilazapril
cilazaprilum
butropii bromidum
fenadiazol
clorprenaline
clorprenalinum
clorprenaline
clorprenalina
pilsicainide
pilsicainida
pilsicainide
pilsicainidum
efonidipinum
efonidipine
efonidipine
amiloride
saroglitazarum
saroglitazar
saroglitazar
saroglitazar
benzydamine
benzydamine
benzydaminum
bencidamina
galunisertib
galunisertib
galunisertib
galunisertibum
ilomastat
felbinac
amrinone
doxofyllinum
doxofylline
doxofilina
khellinum
quelina
khellin
khelline
methaqualone
metacualona
methaqualonum
tetroquinona
tetroquinonum
tetroquinone
triamterene
triamterenum
triamterena
trichlormethiazidum
trichlormethiazide
triclormetiazida
flomoxef
biapenem
orlistat
orlistat
orlistatum
orlistat
lomitapida
lomitapidum
lomitapide
lenomorelinum
lenomoreline
lenomorelin
lenomorelina
dotarizine
dotarizina
dotarizine
dotarizinum
etazolato
etazolate
etazolatum
etazolate
perflenapent
perflenapent
perflenapent
perflenapentum
perflubutanum
perflubutane
perflubutane
perflubutano
prinomastat
prinomastatum
prinomastat
prinomastat
pipobromanum
pipobroman
methdilazine
methdilazinum
metdilazina
methdilazine
midazolam
midazolam
midazolamum
midazolam
rutamicina
rutamycinum
rutamycine
phenylpropanolaminum
phenylpropanolamine
fenilpropanolamina
phenylpropanolamine
acide piromidique
piromidic acid
acidum piromidicum
acido piromidico
cefclidine
cefclidina
cefclidin
cefclidinum
flurazepamum
flurazepam
flurazepam
brexanolone
brexanolonum
brexanolona
brexanolone
gefitinib
gefitinib
gefitinibum
carfentanil
flamenol
flamenolum
cefroxadinum
cefroxadine
cefroxadine
cefroxadino
glutaurine
glutaurine
glutaurinum
glutaurina
estetrolum
estetrol
estetrol
estetrol
etamivan
etamivan
etamivan
icatibantum
icatibanto
icatibant
ketotifeno
ketotifene
ketotifen
ketotifenum
osimertinib
osimertinib
osimertinibum
osimertinib
bopindolol
bopindolol
acedapsone
acedapsonum
acedapsona
cefozopranum
cefozopran
cefozopran
cefozopran
imiquimodum
imiquimod
imiquimod
imiquimod
azumoleno
azumolene
azumolenum
azumolene
citarabina
cytarabine
cytarabinum
cytarabine
lisofilina
lisofylline
lisofylline
lisofyllinum
nepicastat
nepicastat
nepicastat
nepicastatum
corbadrina
corbadrine
corbadrinum
solabegron
solabegron
solabegron
solabegronum
betrixaban
tiloxapol
tyloxapol
tyloxapolum
tyloxapol
lificiguatum
lificiguat
lificiguat
lificiguat
vericiguat
vericiguatum
vericiguat
vericiguat
cinaciguat
cinaciguatum
cinaciguat
cinaciguat
lenampicilina
lenampicilline
lenampicillin
lenampicillinum
cefminox
cefminox
cefminox
cefminoxum
clofedanol
clofedanol
clofedanolum
clofedanol
methoxyphenamine
metoxifenamina
methoxyphenaminum
methoxyphenamine
fenadiazol
fenadiazole
fenadiazolum
onalespib
onalespib
onalespib
onalespibum
halocarbanum
halocarban
halocarban
halocarbano
hydroflumethiazidum
hydroflumethiazide
hidroflumetiazida
hydroflumethiazide
ceftezolum
ceftezole
ceftezol
ceftezole
tafenoquine
tafenoquinum
tafenoquine
tafenoquina
abediterol
abediterolum
abediterol
flomoxefum
flomoxef
flomoxef
pavinetant
pavinetant
pavinetantum
pavinetant
fendosal
fendosalum
fendosal
fendosal
cefetamet
cefetametum
cefetamet
cefetamet
capuride
capuride
capuridum
capurida
neticonazole
neticonazolum
neticonazole
neticonazol
imidapril
imidapril
imidapril
imidaprilum
ceftobiprole
ceftobiprolum
ceftobiprol
ceftobiprole
cefteram
ceftolozano
ceftolozane
ceftolozanum
ceftolozane
cefbuperazonum
cerbuperazone
cefbuperazona
cefbuperazone
delanzomib
delanzomib
delanzomibum
forasartan
forasartan
forasartanum
forasartan
ronidazolum
ronidazole
ronidazol
ronidazole
dimetridazol
dimetridazole
dimetridazolum
dimetridazole
ravuconazole
ravuconazole
ravuconazolum
ravuconazol
quinaprilate
quinaprilatum
quinaprilat
quinaprilat
gevotrolinum
gevotroline
gevotroline
gevotrolina
lorlatinib
lorlatinib
lorlatinibum
lorlatinib
secnidazol
secnidazolum
secnidazole
secnidazole
mephenytoin
mephenytoinum
mephenytoine
mefenitoina
doxercalciferol
doxercalciferol
doxercalciferolum
doxercalciferolum
quinapril
quinaprilum
quinapril
cefdaloxima
cefdaloximum
cefdaloxime
ceftiolene
cefluprenam
cefluprenam
cefluprenam
cefluprenamum
zolmitriptan
tipifarnib
tipifarnib
tipifarnib
tipifarnibum
dabuzalgron
dabuzalgron
dabuzalgronum
dabuzalgron
eribaxabanum
eribaxaban
eribaxaban
eribaxaban
imidaprilat
imidaprilate
imidaprilatum
imidaprilat
cefpiromum
cefpiroma
cefpirome
fazarabina
fazarabine
fazarabinum
fazarabine
sepantronium bromide
bromure de sepantronium
sepantronii bromidum
bromuro de sepantronio
vibegron
vibegron
vibegronum
vibegron
cefoselis
cefoselis
cefoselisum
cefoselis
praliciguat
praliciguatum
praliciguat
praliciguat
erlotinibum
erlotinib
fentanyl
diflomotecan
diflomotecanum
diflomotecan
diflomotecan
cethromycinum
cetromicina
cethromycine
febuxostat
febuxostatum
febuxostat
adipiodona
adipiodonum
adipiodone
adipiodone
pracinostat
pracinostat
pracinostat
pracinostatum
sulfaguanidine
sulfaguanidine
sulfaguanidinum
sulfaguanidina
ftalilsulfatiazol
phtalylsulfathiazol
phthalylsulfathiazole
phthalylsulfathiazolum
momelotinib
momelotinib
momelotinibum
momelotinib
sulfabenzamide
sulfabenzamide
sulfabenzamidum
sulfabenzamida
crenolanibum
crenolanib
crenolanib
crenolanib
binimetinib
binimetinibum
binimetinib
binimetinib
gilteritinibum
gilteritinib
gilteritinib
gilteritinib
pexidartinib
pexidartinib
pexidartinibum
pexidartinib
enasidenib
enasidenibum
enasidenib
enasidenib
rigosertib
rigosertib
rigosertibum
rigosertib
plerixaforum
plerixafor
plerixafor
plerixafor
glasdegibum
glasdegib
glasdegib
glasdegib
sapacitabinum
sapacitabina
sapacitabine
sapacitabine
ivosidenib
ivosidenib
ivosidenib
ivosidenibum
indisulam
indisulam
indisulamum
indisulam
pevonedistatum
pevonedistat
pevonedistat
pevonedistat
motixafortidum
motixafortide
motixafortida
motixafortide
dibunato
dibunate
dibunas
dibunate
dibunato de sodio
bolandiolum
bolandiol
bolandiol
bolandiol
fabesetronum
fabesetron
fabesetron
pibutidinum
pibutidina
pibutidine
pibutidine
propyromazine bromide
bromuro de propiromazina
bromure de propyromazine
propyromazini bromidum
tandospirona
tandospirone
tandospironum
tandospirone
bromure de butropium
bromuro de butropio
metilsulfate d'amezinium
metilsulfato de amezinio
amezinii metilsulfas
bromuro de tiquizio
bromure de tiquizium
tiquizii bromidum
bromure de distigmine
distigmini bromidum
bromuro de distigmina
cloruro de trospio
chlorure de trospium
trospii chloridum
aminophylline
alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-6-PEA-alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpN-O[CH2]6SH
bufogenina
bufogenin
bufogeninum
bufogenine
dextromethorphanum
dextromethorphane
levometorfano
levomethorphanum
levomethorphane
levomethorphan
racemethorphan
racemethorphane
racemethorphanum
racemetorfano
glymidinum natricum
glymidine sodique
glimidina de sodio
flunitrazepamum
flunitrazepam
flunitrazepam
bromure de flutropium
bromuro de flutropio
efonidipino
